Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Why aren't you surprised?
Seems like you knew. little one.
No. of course not. How could I know?
Happy birthday. darling.
Thanks. Mama.
Now go to your room
and change your clothes.
OK. everyone. let's eat.
Help yourselves.
Sara. what are you doing?
Come dance with us.
-In a minute.
-What are you watching?
How many times have I told you
not to watch these things?
This is reality. Mama.
What happened in Tunisia.
Egypt and Libya is happening here.
And I've told you nothing like that
can happen in Syria.
Yalla. darling.
-The party's boring. I don't want to.
-Yalla. for your sister's sake.
Uncle. come on.
I thank God day and night for blessing me
with three strong daughters.
stronger than a thousand sons.
But don't forget how lucky these girls are
that I'm their dad
and their coach.
Here he goes.
Two weeks ago. at the qualifying meet
for the national championships.
Yusra improved her personal best
in the 100m butterfly.
Congrats. Yusra.
But Sara won her heat too.
Yeah. Sara is headstrong
and a leader like me.
But Yusra has discipline.
strength and perseverance.
-She is my powerhouse.
-What about me?
And you. Shahed. Daddy's darling.
are my little warrior.
Dear guests.
I will be the first father in history
to have three daughters
swimming in the Olympics.
Nizar.
-How you doing?
-Good.
Play a song for us.
-What?
-Play a song for us.
-What's it worth?
-I'll buy you a shot.
For you guys.
Go. Sara. go. Kick his ass.
Show me then.
No. you can't do that.
No. I swear you can't do that.
Why?
What?
Razan Haddad is dead.
In a bombing.
My God…
I just saw her.
Sara. be careful. Get back in.
You're so annoying.
Hala. you can help me. you know.
Razan Haddad. We'll never forget you.
Hey. beautiful.
What's up. ladies?
Come have a drink with us.
Unless you don't like the look of me?
Aren't we good enough for you?
Where have you been?
Aren't you out a little late tonight?
Sara. shush. be careful.
Give me the keys.
You'll wake Baba and Mama.
How are you. darling?
Don't be frightened.
Good night. my love.
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Do you know what your dad
would do if he knew?
Did you hear about Razan Haddad?
I heard.
God bless her soul
and give her mother strength.
Yalla. darling. Time to sleep.
You have training in the morning.
What was my time?
You're tired.
What was my time. Baba?
Coach. I'll see you at home.
You see?
It's all arm propulsion. not the kick.
You know he went to Sydney when he was 15?
The youngest American swimmer
to compete at the Olympics.
You aren't a true athlete
unless your dream is the Olympics.
You're not going to represent us
at the Nationals this time.
Yusra and Arwa got better times than you.
You're disgusting.
IDs.
Omar?
From Duma? What are you doing here?
Why are you laughing?
Since when has laughing become illegal?
Give me your ID.
Please. she didn't mean disrespect.
Shut up. you.
I'm not disrespecting.
Don't talk too much. Understand?
Raise your arms.
You'd do this to your sisters?
You're not my sister.
Is this your sister?
Stand up.
Raise your arms.
Sniper.
Eyes up.
Look up.
Go. There are people on the bus.
YOUR PLANES CAN'T BOMB OUR DREAMS
How can I let my girls
travel across Europe on their own?
What happened to
the strong daughters you raised?
You know Razan Haddad is
my third friend to die this month?
You know how many times
we've come close to death?
We need to get Yusra to Germany
as soon as possible before she turns 18.
The problem is it's so dangerous. my love.
I wish you could go on a plane.
Because European countries
are just handing out visas to Syrians.
Mama. it's very easy. We get to Germany
and apply for family reunion.
and you can all come on a plane.
It's simple.
So I let you two risk your lives.
crawl through the most dangerous parts
of Europe. to get us plane tickets?
Everyone's doing it. Hala did it.
She told me it's really easy…
My darling. come here.
-It's out in the whole neighborhood.
-I'm scared of the dark.
Don't be scared. little one.
I hope the car battery will last.
Yalla. see? Now eat up.
I wish we could go back to Darayya.
-Darayya is still too dangerous.
-The whole of Syria is too dangerous.
But you and your sister walking
across Europe isn't dangerous at all?
Yes. but once we arrive.
we'll all be safe.
That's if you arrive.
And if you arrive. what will you be?
Refugees?
And you'll ruin your swimming careers.
It's the best way.
She always thinks she has the best way.
You're not going.
That's the end of it.
If I was the one who was 17.
you'd let me go on my own.
Baba. about Sara…
Stop thinking about her.
Concentrate.
In the water. you're on your own.
It's your fight.
Your aim is to win.
It's not about being nice.
You have a goal. and you must reach it.
Focus on all the things
you have control over.
The start.
Streamline.
The kick off the wall. Your breathing.
Two people died on the football field.
Baba.
Nizar is going to Germany.
He'll travel with me and Sara
and protect us.
I wouldn't trust him
to cross the road with you.
let alone take you all the way to Germany.
But. Ezzat. Nizar is their cousin.
-You know he would never leave them.
-Whose side are you on?
I'm not taking sides.
This isn't about us.
It's about the girls' lives.
They don't have a future here anymore.
They're not going to summer camp.
Aren't you a mother?
Baba. you see what's happening.
The situation's gone from bad to worse.
How am I gonna make it
to the Olympics if I can't swim?
I promise. when I get to Europe.
I'll keep training.
All the swimmers are leaving.
See? I want to go.
I want to keep training.
-I'll have to go with you.
-And leave Mama and Shahed on their own?
What will become of me
if something happens to her?
Nothing will happen.
Me and Nizar will be with her.
I promise.
Thank you. Baba.
I'm not going with you.
Dunno.
You fly to Istanbul on a tourist visa.
If anyone asks anything. you're tourists
going to Turkey on holiday.
Find a smuggler
to take you over the Bulgarian border.
This route is more expensive
than the sea crossing. but much safer.
-Ten thousand euro. Guard it.
-How did you get it?
I borrowed it.
Isn't it too much. Baba?
Keep some for yourselves.
I'll try to get more
in case you get stuck.
But if you do get stuck.
you do the talking.
Of course. Don't worry. Uncle.
This is yours.
Tell people you swam for your country.
That has to matter.
You too. Sara.
Can I borrow your Converse?
No. they are too big for you.
and I'm taking them with me.
Can I use your nail polish?
No. you'll ruin it.
Can I come with you?
Who would take care of Lulu?
Look what I made you.
You made this?
It's to help you get to Germany.
Oh. my love.
I'm going to take it with me.
Let's put Lulu in her cage
before she poops on your bed.
-Come help us.
-What are you doing?
Lulu's flying.
When you were born.
I decided to give you
the things I didn't have.
Freedom to choose
whatever you want in life.
When I closed my eyes
and imagined your futures…
Here he comes.
…I didn't picture you in a wedding dress
like all the other mothers.
Sorry I'm late.
What happened to you?
I forgot my passport.
All I hoped was for you
to graduate from the best universities…
Don't worry. They are like my sisters.
I'll guard them with my life.
Come here.
Having wonderful careers
and living the best life.
that was everything I wished for.
And we'll have all these things. Mama.
Hopefully.
Oh. my love.
-I'll keep her safe. Don't worry.
-Keep yourself safe too.
As soon as you arrive. call us. OK?
Do you know that I love you?
I know.
Do you really know?
Don't go. Please don't go.
We'll meet in Germany soon.
I swear. Really soon.
-Passports. Where are you going?
-Istanbul.
Have a safe journey.
May God protect you.
Welcome aboard this flight to Istanbul.
We would like to remind you
that life jackets are
the property of the airline.
Any attempt to take them
will be considered an act of theft
and you will be prosecuted.
Don't hurt my sister.
-No. my bed.
-I'm gonna pass out here.
Enough. What?
We're looking for a smuggler.
Do you know someone reliable?
-We're still on the European side.
-Yeah. so where do we go?
We've taken the wrong bridge.
They have SIM cards.
What? Why are they dressed like that?
They can't sell the suits.
so they put life jackets on them.
One?
They're my daughters.
We go down here?
-You OK?
-Yeah.
-You're Syrian?
-Yeah. Syrian.
-Hello. I'm Nizar Mardini.
-Hi.
-What's your name?
-Ninar.
Where are you from?
I've come from Sudan with my wife. Onnab.
We're going to Sweden. hopefully.
Hello. nice to meet you.
Damascus
Damascus…
Look at its condition.
It's impossible. Look how many people.
We're not going.
Sara. come.
We've paid using everything we have.
No. no.
Sara? What if
they don't know how to swim?
Who knows how to swim?
If your hand is up.
help those with their hands down.
We're in this together.
We'll help each other.
God is great.
Put your faith in God. guys.
This boat is damaged.
I swear it's damaged.
Oh God. we're gonna sink.
It's leaking.
It's from the waves. Don't worry.
It's full of water. man.
Guys. it won't sink.
We can handle this. OK? Don't worry.
Baba…
Don't be scared. son.
Let me pass.
Watch out for the kids. The kids.
Listen to me. Listen.
I studied mechanical engineering.
I'll try to fix the engine.
Stay calm.
God is the greatest.
We're too heavy.
Guys. I've got network.
The coast guards. It's ringing.
Abdo. Give me your knife.
Sara. what are you doing?
Help me with the rope.
No. No. Yusra. You'll die.
For God's sake. don't do this.
No. Nizar. Don't let her get in.
What can I do?
There's a tap.
Guys. there's water.
Come. There's water.
Bring the children.
OK. let's drink.
I've called you a million times.
Are you OK? Where are you?
In Lesbos. We're in Europe. Mama.
Thank God.
I've been praying for you every day.
Bless you. Auntie.
Update my mother and look after her.
Mama's crying.
Joey's out of American Idol.
and it's not fair.
And I miss…
I saw this seagull floating above us.
It stayed with us for a long time.
For some reason.
it felt like it was guiding us.
All I was thinking was how
Mama and Baba had no idea where we were.
And how we didn't answer the phone.
And how stupid it would be
for swimmers to die in the sea.
Do you know what Baba will do
if he knows I let you get in the water?
He'll be proud.
Maybe it's better?
Yes. no problem.
Hold on.
Thank God you're safe.
Where's Sara?
She still hasn't arrived.
Don't worry. She'll be here soon.
Finally.
Animal.
What?
Maybe we should go home.
We're not going back now. Yusra.
Don't you see how far we've come?
I'm not giving up now.
Look at me.
I listened to you before.
Now you need to listen to me.
Listen to you?
If we went with the others.
If we didn't come at all.
So it's my fault?
Is it mine?
Why did you bring me here if you hate me?
To save you.
And save the family.
Was that man trying to save me?
I wouldn't have let him hurt you.
I wouldn't let him do anything to you.
I'm scared something bad
will happen again.
I wouldn't be able to handle it.
Which one though?
God. there's a lot of people.
No. that's number three.
Go. yalla.
Is this Germany. guys?
We've arrived.
Hello. Baba. We've arrived in Berlin.
Uncle. we've arrived in Germany.
We'll be seeing you soon.
I love you all.
The Germans are welcoming us.
Enough. We made it.
We made it.
-What?
-I dunno.
Don't worry. The bomb landed
in the waste ground behind the house.
Baba is checking on Uncle Ahmed.
Did you see about the asylum papers?
Not yet. We're still waiting.
They have to give us an appointment first.
It's not Damascus.
Our turn is coming.
Yusra. he's training.
FOREIGNERS OUT
I'm not sleeping well.
Don't you think you're being selfish?
Selfish? I'm selfish?
Mama. Baba. and Shahed are in my heart.
I keep thinking about them.
But you don't. you just carry on.
You're reckless.
They're in danger now because of you.
-You can talk.
-What?
At least I have a goal.
What are you doing here?
You try to be cool
and waste your time partying.
I don't know you anymore.
You're not swimming.
You're not doing anything.
You're never going to achieve anything.
Tell me about your training.
Of course. Baba.
I want you to describe every detail.
The feeling underwater.
Every stroke. every move you make.
An Olympian.
My own daughter an Olympian.
I can't believe it.
All that time at the poolside
wasn't for nothing.
It's good. It's as it should be.
And Sara? You didn't have the times?
Even for this refugee team?
No. Baba. I didn't.
"Refugee team"?
You say it like it doesn't count.
What?
You've made us walk taller.
Don't worry about winning.
I am so proud of you.
Peace.
Good luck. my love.
I'm not worried because you're lucky.
Luck has nothing to do with it.
Remember everything I've taught you.
Yalla. Shahed.
I hope you win.